Y
what I do is short of the pieces
same
and cut the circle over
alive
OK
the pink will be our base color so
so much
we will have to cut
in a circle also in red
but leaving
well one centimeter approximately as
I already said we can do it by eye
or drawing what
we have the red circle now we will have
to make a hole in the middle
example with a pencil with hole tips
medium and here
we will pass in clean living
and we will bend the tip
I have cut into a piece that is like
my hand more or less
a candle
First
hooks we will take care with the
glue droplets
the two papers
we give you a little bit more ball shape
A) Yes
before hooking it because once
hooked
as I say we can load it all
as you see
It looks like a little flower
super cute if for example we can
also play with blues and yellow or
blue and white well see you
we are in another installment of pixie
I hope you've been creative
useful tutorial